Write a python program called sentiment.py that adapts your wsd.py program to perform (positive/negative) sentiment analysis over tweets from twitter.
Your program should use the bag-of-words features. Please make sure you only identify features from the training data, and that you clearly explain what features you are using in your detailed comments because you will be adding on to these in subsequent assignments.
Your classifier should run from the command line as follows:
python3 sentiment.py sentiment-train.txt sentiment-test.txt my-model.txt > my-sentiment-answers.txt
This command should learn a model from sentiment-train.txt and apply that to each of the sentences found in sentiment-test.txt in order to assign a sentiment to each of the tweets. Do not use sentiment-test.txt in any other way (and only identify features from sentiment-train.txt). Your program should output the model it learns to my-model.txt. You may format your model as you wish, but please make sure to show each feature, the log-likelihood or probability scores associated with it, and the sentiment it predicts. The file my-model.txt is intended to be used as a log file in debugging your program. Your program should output the sentiment it creates for each sentence to STDOUT. Your sentiment should be in the same format as found in sentiment-key.txt.
sentiment-train.txt contains examples of the tweets where the correct sentiment is marked in the text (to serve as an example from which to learn). sentiment-test.txt contains tweets without any sentiment being indicated, where the correct answer is found in the file sentiment-test-key.txt. You can find sentiment-train.txt, sentiment-test.txt and sentiment-test-key.txt in the assignment posting on Blackboard.
You should also write a utility program called scorer.pl which will take as input your sentiment tagged output and compare it with the gold standard "key" data (sentiment-test-key.txt). Your scorer program should report the overall accuracy of your tagging, and provide a confusion matrix.  This program should write output to STDOUT.
The scorer program should be run as follows:
python3 scorer.py my-sentiment-answers.txt sentiment-test-key.txt
